>>>>[THEME MUSIC] And I think
many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: The
Book of Revelation.
Planet X. Is it
all tied together?
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory with our
special guest researcher
and noted author
Marshall Masters,
who has devoted a number
of years to investigating
the possibility of a planetary
system that is included
in our solar system
that consists
of three extra planets
and a brown dwarf star.
A star system, a
binary star system,
within our own
solar system that,
Marshall, a lot of
astronomers would
agree that there could very
well be this other brown dwarf
star in our solar system.
>>MARSHALL MASTERS:
You know, we're
seeing what we
call foreshadowing.
And they're slowly introducing
the concept to the public.
And I think astronomers have
to show a tremendous amount
of courage in order to talk
about this because Robert
Harrington was an astronomer,
US Naval Observatory.
And many of us who
research in the field
believe he was assassinated
for his work on Planet X. He
got a little too close to it.
And you know, also
since then we have
seen a lot of deep
space astronomers dying
really bizarre mystery deaths.
>>NOORY: Strange.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Inordinary amount.
>>MASTERS: Oh, yeah.
I mean, they're just
not dying, cancer
with the family around them.
I mean, weird things.
>>NOORY: Car crashes?
>>MASTERS: Car crashes,
airplanes flying too low
and hitting cable cars.
>>NOORY: Oh, man.
>>MASTERS: I mean,
it is really bizarre.
So it's something that, yeah,
it's a third rail topic.
They have to be careful.
And to be honest, I get a
lot of heat all the time.
There's a lot of interference.
People do not realize how much
that there really is out there.
There are paid
disinformation teams.
And they come principally
out of the city-states,
which is going to be the crown
in London, the Vatican in Rome,
and then of course
Washington, DC.
Our book, "2012 Planet X" was
actually-- the Italian language
edition was by order of the
Vatican removed from store
shelves in Italy and burnt.
>>NOORY: The Vatican has
a couple observatories.
I find that weird.
>>MASTERS: I find it brilliant
because the one that they have
in Southeast Arizona--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Mount Graham?
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
If you wanted the right
instrument at the right place
to have the longest duration
observation of the flyby,
that's it.
And they've got the
right telescope.
And so yeah, I
mean, what are they
doing edging into basically
a university system
and forcing themselves
into the scene?
>>NOORY: Let's do a quick review
on this extra star system.
Zecharia Sitchin called it,
of course, the 12th planet.
You believe there are three
planets and the brown dwarf
star.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
We call it the Planet X system.
It's a constellation that's
inside our solar system.
And it's in what's a comet-like
orbit, 3,600 lunar years coming
around.
Right now it is come
up from behind the sun.
It's going towards its
point of perihelion.
That's its closest distance
to the sun, so it has to slow.
Imagine you're in an amusement
park, the ride that's
called "The Whip."
And you got the big
turnbuckles on each end.
And you have the
long ride, where
you try and look
interested for everyone
but you're really bored.
And then you get
to the turnbuckle
and you whip around
and whoopee, OK?
Well, that's exactly
the same thing
that's happening right here.
When it hits that
point of perihelion,
where it's closest to the
sun, and when that happens,
we're going to call it
the "Triangle of Death."
That's what we refer
to it, because we'll
see Nemesis and its planets.
And it's literally just going
to look like a triangle.
And when we see that, that is
really the beginning of woes.
And we'll see it coming
out from behind the sun.
Once it comes out
from behind the sun--
>>NOORY: And we're
talking about soon?
>>MASTERS: Soon.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MASTERS: And it is going
to speed up dramatically
as it goes out into the system.
And it'll fly over
Earth's orbit.
And so this is really what we
believe the Mayans were talking
about with December 21, 2012.
They were looking for when
is the guacamole going
to hit the fan.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
Was the flood of
Noah related to this?
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
It was the third previous flyby.
And unfortunately, we have
what we call a best scenario,
worst scenario.
A best scenario is when
Nemesis is crossing
our orbit, Earth's orbit--
we are on the opposite side
of the sun.
That's best case.
That was the last
flyby, which was
Exodus, Ten Plagues of Exodus.
And that was a global event.
The deluge was a
worst case event.
We were on the same
side of the sun
when Nemesis was
crossing our orbit.
Unfortunately, this flyby
is a worst case scenario.
And that was I think
very accurately
called by Bob Dean on a Project
Camelot interview in 2008.
>>NOORY: All right,
Marshall, let's talk
about some possible
events that could
occur because of this flyby.
Event one you call
the "Winter of Ash."
What is that?
>>MASTERS: The Winter
of Ash is what's
going to tell us
we're on the timeline.
It's the harbinger.
We're already seeing a lot of
volcanic activity increasing
worldwide.
The Ring of Fire, there's a
serious uptick in seismicity.
And what's going
to happen with this
is that on the western
edge of the Ring of Fire,
we're going to have volcanoes
popping off all over the place.
>>NOORY: Well,
that's starting too.
>>MASTERS: That's
absolutely starting.
>>NOORY: Kilauea is heating up.
Things are happening all around.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Chile
has one happening.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
Absolutely.
You got it.
And this is going to be
an important harbinger
in the sense we're not going
to see a major loss of life.
All right.
This is really the warning.
>>NOORY: On event one.
>>MASTERS: On event one.
This is really
telling everybody,
get off the dime,
start doing something.
And what we will see is
more economic and political.
You're going to have these
volcanoes popping off.
They're putting a lot
of ash into the sky.
That's going to shut
down air traffic.
It's also going to cover
a lot of farm fields.
So what will happen
is, what we're
going to see from this
side of the Pacific
is we're going to
see ash coming.
That's going to cover us.
That's not going to be
a real serious problem.
But we're going to see that.
But what we're also going to
see are shortages in the stores,
because with farming
being closed down
on the western side of the
Pacific, the foods we're
importing right now from
China and from South America
and other places,
they're going to go where
they can get the most money.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>MASTERS: And so
those ships are just
going to be turned towards
that area of the world.
And we're going to see
shortages on our shelves here.
>>NOORY: Marshall, this
visitation kind of reminds
me of that 2000 movie
"Knowing" with Nicolas Cage.
Let's take a look
at the trailer,
because I think that sets
the stage for a lot of things
you're talking about.
>>MASTERS: All right.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[END PLAYBACK]
That's scary, Marshall.
But it's real, isn't it?
>>MASTERS: It's a
real possibility.
I think in this flyby we
have a good chance that there
for the grace of God, that
we will miss something
like that hitting us.
But it definitely-- the
next time this system
comes around, there's
absolutely no question about it.
It is a "Knowing" event.
But what we are
going to have here
is going to be
something akin to that.
We are going to have what Ed
Dames calls the "killshot"--
solar storms, massive,
massive x and y--
>>NOORY: Constant, right?
No breath, just boom.
>>MASTERS: Boom, boom, boom.
And this is when during
this tribulation period
you've got to know
to go to dirt, OK?
In my book, one of
my books, we have
this is how much dirt you
need over your head, or steel,
or whatever you have.
In general, when you're
looking for a place to survive,
there's three
things I recommend.
One, rolling hills, soft
earth, and lots of water.
>>NOORY: OK,
>>MASTERS: Water is life.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MASTERS: You don't have water,
I don't care what you got.
>>NOORY: California
is in trouble already.
Is the drought in California
related to this system?
>>MASTERS: Actually, I think
it's related indirectly.
It's the geo-engineering
that's going on.
They're moving the jet stream.
Remember the old--
>>NOORY: It was
right in the middle.
It was right in the
middle of the country.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
Came right in through
the Golden Gate.
>>NOORY: Yup.
>>MASTERS: OK.
And that's why Twain said the
coldest winter I ever spent
was a summer in San Francisco.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>MASTERS: I lived there.
>>NOORY: Oh, that
Sinatra song, right?
The lady's a tramp.
I could never
understand because I've
been in California since 2003,
and it's pretty darn warm
to me in most cases.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: But I could never
understand the song where he
said it's cold and it's damp.
And I kept saying,
wait a minute.
You sound like you're
talking about the Midwest.
That's exactly what
you're talking about.
>>MASTERS: Exactly.
Well, what they did was
they geo-engineered it.
The jet stream comes
down then dips up.
It goes over British Columbia.
I have people
reporting to me that
live up in British
Columbia, same thing
here in Truckee,
California, where
they should be in
the winter having
four to six feet of snow.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASTERS: Last January, I
was in Truckee, California.
And I was on a road that
had the stakes on the side
for plowing the snow
with all the reflectors.
>>NOORY: Right.
Yeah.
>>MASTERS: There was nothing.
>>NOORY: Nothing there.
>>MASTERS: Nothing
on the ground.
>>NOORY: It shifted.
Everything's shifted.
>>MASTERS: Everything
is shifted.
And that's the reason why folks
in the Midwest are getting what
they call wet snow and all this
bizarre-- because they're--
>>NOORY: And Boston got
a lot of snow this year.
>>MASTERS: That's right.
>>NOORY: It never stopped.
>>MASTERS: They're
geo-engineering.
>>NOORY: Event two, called
the "Covert Visitation,"
what is that?
>>MASTERS: Covert
Visitation, this
is when the Annunaki are going
to come to the world leaders.
What they're going to
tell them is that there
is an asteroid coming your way.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
So we've got this
issue too, an asteroid?
>>MASTERS: Yeah, we have.
And this one--
>>NOORY: In addition to
that planetary system
we've been talking about?
>>MASTERS: Right.
Well, we're going to get pelted
by rocks all throughout this.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>MASTERS: All right?
So that's one of the
reasons why people have got
to be able to get to ground.
Get eight feet of
dirt over your head.
If you do that, you can get
through the solar storms.
The smaller impacts
you'll survive.
This big one is really--
it's the movie "Deep Impact."
It's just a perfect correlation.
>>NOORY: Which is event
number three, you call.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
That's the "Deep Impact" event.
And what happens is the Annunaki
are going to make a deal
our leaders can't refuse, and
they're going to refuse it.
>>NOORY: What's the deal?
>>MASTERS: I don't know.
The guides didn't tell us that.
So--
>>NOORY: Information?
Protection?
>>MASTERS: I think
it would be probably
a change of management.
And I think whoever's running
the planet here is not
going to want to step aside.
>>NOORY: Of course not.
>>MASTERS: And so
they're figuring
that this thing's
going to hit probably
somewhere in the south Atlantic,
near between South America
and Africa.
But where this
thing actually hits
in the research we
did with the guides,
it hits off of the
coast of Europe.
And literally the
point where it hits,
it's just almost as
though it's targeted
when we started researching it.
>>NOORY: And the
tsunami goes which way?
>>MASTERS: Both ways.
We're going to have a wall of
water smashing into Europe.
That's the forward.
>>NOORY: It will wipe them out.
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
Then it's going to
trigger one that comes,
and it hits our east coast.
But then America gets
hit with a one-two punch
because what is going to happen
is this thing-- when it hits,
it hits on the western
edge of the Eurasian Plate.
That is going to set off Las
Palmas, La Cumbre de Vieja.
>>NOORY: Which is a
tsunami area if that goes.
>>MASTERS: Bingo.
That's right.
>>NOORY: I've
studied that a lot.
>>MASTERS: That goes.
And then what
happens is literally
we have two massive
walls of water hitting.
And it's going to-- all the way
from Florida to Nova Scotia.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>MASTERS: It is
going to take out--
>>NOORY: Hundreds of
miles inland it will hit.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
>>NOORY: And how big do you
think the tsunami will be?
How high?
A mile?
>>MASTERS: A mile.
Yeah.
It could very well--
>>NOORY: That'll take every
building in New York out.
>>MASTERS: It's going to take
out buildings in New York.
Well, you know the
remote viewers,
Ed Dames-- his remote viewers
back in the early 2000 time,
they were seeing Washington,
DC, under a few hundred feet
of water.
>>NOORY: Event number four
you call the "Perihelion."
>>MASTERS: Perihelion,
that is when the Planet X
System comes out completely
from behind the sun.
And at that point, we
know the next thing that's
going to be coming
is we're going
to have the Annunaki visiting.
They're going to come--
>>NOORY: That's
event number five.
>>MASTERS: That's
We're going to have--
>>NOORY: "Annunaki Arrive."
>>MASTERS: The Annunaki Arrive.
They're going to
want gold and women.
The gold-- we use aluminum
for our geo-engineering.
>>NOORY: They have no women?
>>MASTERS: Well now, they want
the women for slave breeding.
>>NOORY: Is that part of the
genetic manipulation we're
seeing with abduction cases?
>>MASTERS: Could very well
be because they're not
going to be alone.
There are other species
that are working with them.
>>NOORY: We look
like them, don't we?
>>MASTERS: Yes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: When God
made us in his image,
it was the Annunaki, wasn't it?
>>MASTERS: It was actually,
we come from the loins
of Lord Enki of the Annunaki.
And if you read the Lost
Book of Enki-- Sitchin
did-- if you like
Game of Thrones,
it's Game of Thrones with
horny aliens in spaceships.
>>NOORY: Weird.
>>MASTERS: I mean, but--
>>NOORY: It is weird.
>>MASTERS: Whoa.
It lays it out.
And they went to great
lengths to engineer us
a slave species to mine gold.
And that's the reason why
when we get gold fever,
we completely lose it.
So that's what they do.
They create species
or dominate them.
They're going to come.
They're going to
leave the planet
with most of our refined
gold, 98% of it or more.
They're going to take women.
They're going to be looking
for young women that are
suitable for breeding programs.
There's a lot of other
nasty things going on.
Around this time
we'll see the United
Nations will pass
enabling legislation
for assisted suicide.
And basically, it'll be
euthanasia on demand.
You won't even have to be sick.
You just walk into--
and I mean, this really
goes to a Soylent
Green scenario.
>>NOORY: Ah, yes.
Know that movie well.
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
And so as a matter of fact,
in the book the guides tell us
the phrase people will
use is "taking the blade."
If you see the movie "Cloud
Atlas," in "Cloud Atlas,"
there's a device they
put over the head.
It has a pneumatic
surgical blade.
>>NOORY: That goes
into you, right?
>>MASTERS: And just right in.
And that's it.
>>NOORY: "Venus Impact."
What is that event?
>>MASTERS: When the moon
Ferrada-- and Ferrada
is a moon of
Nibiru-- it is going
to impact the southern
hemisphere of Venus.
We're going to get showered
with debris from that.
But that's also letting
us know that the flyby,
the days of darkness,
is going to be imminent.
What happens is Nibiru's about
four times the size of Earth.
It is going to pass
between us and the sun
in its orbit around
Nemesis, which
is going to be way behind us.
Yes.
This is within the short--
we're talking near history here.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MASTERS: And in the Bible,
you have the days of darkness
that are prophesied.
And the reason why it's
dark is because this thing's
so big it's going to
completely blot out the sun.
>>NOORY: That's going
to be a weird time.
>>MASTERS: It is going
to be a horrifying time.
And you know, this is
when literally people who
are fear-based-- the
Egyptians tell us
all about this in what they
call the "Great Winnowing."
And what the Egyptians explain--
this in the Kolbrin Bible--
that basically
whatever's in your heart
is going to be
amplified a hundredfold.
If you have fear in
your heart, that fear
is going to be
amplified a hundredfold.
You are going to die of fright.
You're just like a light bulb.
Flicker, flicker, gone.
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>MASTERS: OK.
>>NOORY: Finished.
>>MASTERS: On the other hand,
if what you have in your heart
is love, you're in a state
of love, you're doing better.
Now, I'm not talking
about singing in the pews.
I'm talking about a grandmother
who pulls together some orphans
and says, kids, let's
hold hands and sing old--
>>NOORY: Kumbaya.
>>MASTERS: Kumbaya, whatever.
And the kids are--
in other words,
they're in a state of love.
>>NOORY: Event seven, the
"Annunaki Leave Again."
>>MASTERS: The Annunaki
will leave just before--
>>NOORY: As they
did the first time.
>>MASTERS: They're going to
know when the days of darkness
are going to come.
They've got to get back
to their planet anyway.
That's going to be a
rough time for them.
>>NOORY: Well now, does this
visitation of these planets
affect those planets too?
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
It's the reason why the
Annunaki need the gold,
and they keep
coming back for it.
>>NOORY: Well, we're
running out of gold.
>>MASTERS: They repaired
their atmosphere once.
>>NOORY: We don't
have that much left.
>>MASTERS: Oh, no.
We have oodles of gold.
And you know, we
have-- there's a mining
engineer I know in Reno.
And he already has a
developed technology,
and they started-- it gets
10 times as much gold out
of the same ore.
>>NOORY: So they leave?
>>MASTERS: They leave.
They've got to bug out.
They've got to get home
because the days of darkness
are going to be a
rough one for them too.
That is going to tear their
atmosphere as well as it
tears our atmosphere.
Now what happens is
that system is moving.
And it's moving
counter to our orbit.
So we're going one way.
The Planet X System is
going the other way.
And what will happen
is that there's
going to be a lithosphere
lock, not just a single body,
but it's going to be Nemesis
and Arboda and Helion
and all of these
objects, Nibiru.
They're going to--
>>NOORY: Lots going on.
>>MASTERS: That's right.
A lot's going on.
They get a lithosphere lock.
There's going to be an
event we call "Lurch Day."
>>NOORY: All right.
What is that?
>>MASTERS: Lurch day
is when everybody
knows the pole
shift has started,
because when that
lithosphere lock happens,
that gravitational
hold takes place,
the whole planet is
going to shudder.
And it's going to then
start-- our spinning
is going to start slowing.
And here again, for years
I said, well, I just never
thought that would happen.
It is going to happen.
We are going to stop spinning.
Our magnetosphere is going to
fail down to maybe 5% to 10%
of what it is.
>>NOORY: That could be the worst
of the things that happen--
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: --if we stop spinning.
>>MASTERS: Because
we are going to be--
we are going to be wide open.
We won't have a
magnetosphere to defend us.
And now you're talking a minor
flare could be devastating.
So then what will happen is
as the lithosphere is just
going to pull us,
and we're going
to actually start spinning
the opposite direction.
And the sun will begin
to rise in the west.
>>NOORY: The next
event you talked about
was "Days of Darkness."
Is that the three days
you were mentioning?
>>MASTERS: That's
the three days.
Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
And there's nothing
we can do about it.
What are we going to see?
Are we going to see temperatures
plummet for three days?
What happens?
>>MASTERS: I think this one
is going to be a hot flyby.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>MASTERS: It's not
going to be cold.
You know, it makes me
wonder, to be honest,
with all the geo-engineering
that we're seeing now happening
in our skies, if what
they're really trying to do
is trigger a mini ice
age to buffer that.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASTERS: Because we're
going to go into a really--
>>NOORY: Some believe
we're in one now.
>>MASTERS: That's right.
It's going to get hot.
Hot, hot, hot.
And that's the reason why,
for example, I think up
in the northern
states it's going
to be much better
than it is going to be
down along the southern border.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean by event 11,
"Transiting the Tail?"
>>MASTERS: You know,
this is one that's
so sad because the
Planet X system will now
be in the southern skies
going away from us.
This is the last insult.
This is the last slap.
>>NOORY: The last slap.
>>MASTERS: And you know,
this is a brown dwarf.
And it's just dirty.
It's just got all this
iron oxide dust around it.
And we're going to
fly through that.
have meteor showers.
And I'm telling
you, when you look
at the Ten Plagues
of Exodus, reorder it
in scientific order around a
flyby of a brown dwarf coming
through your system--
>>NOORY: Bang.
Bang.
>>MASTERS: Like LEGOs.
Like LEGOs.
>>NOORY: "The Backside."
What's that?
>>MASTERS: The
backside is-- we'll
see blue skies once again.
And this is something
I always want
people to have hope for that.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
I was going to say,
you're giving us
a little glimpse of hope here.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
You know, I'd like to talk
about-- yes it's a dark cloud,
but there's a silver lining.
And I want people to have hope.
I want them to hope
for the future.
It's worth living to see.
We're going to have
something where humanity
is going to be unshackled.
We are going to see creativity.
The Earth will cleanse itself.
We get a cold.
We get a flu.
What do we do?
We hydrate.
We rest.
We get over it.
>>NOORY: So you're saying
we do the same thing here?
>>MASTERS: That's right.
The Earth is going
to cleanse itself.
We will have the storm
clouds will come in.
We're going to have
new lands rising up.
The rains are going to wash
the salts away and leave
incredibly fertile soils.
You look at the Central
Valley in California,
that was an inland sea.
>>NOORY: And we rebuild.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
We will rebuild.
And so the point is,
how do we rebuild?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASTERS: All right.
The elites are going
to have their bunkers
with food, medicine,
construction materials, and all
of this.
>>NOORY: You think that's
what they're doing now?
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
They're stockpiling, because--
>>NOORY: We hear
reports of that.
>>MASTERS: Yes.
And they're going
to come up when
things are starting to settle.
And they're going to say,
sign on the dotted line,
accept slavery, and we'll
give this stuff to you.
I mean, you look at for example
the Svalbard Seed Vault,
the doomsday seed vault
that's up in Svalbard--
>>NOORY: Which was smart.
>>MASTERS: Yeah, it's smart.
>>NOORY: You need to do that.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
But look at the website.
What do you see?
Bill Gates', most
famous monopolist,
is the poster child, and
Monsanto's funneling the money
in.
Do you think they've got--
>>NOORY: So they're
GMO seeds too, right?
>>MASTERS: No.
They're not putting
GMO seeds in there.
>>NOORY: They're not?
>>MASTERS: They don't
want that garbage.
That garbage is for us.
That's to kill us.
>>NOORY: Oh, that's our stuff.
>>MASTERS: They want
the heritage stuff.
They want the good
stuff, all right?
So you look at--
>>NOORY: What's left of it.
>>MASTERS: Yeah.
What's left of it.
You look at their
website, they don't say,
we're going to do this
for the love of humanity.
>>NOORY: How big do you
think the seed vault is?
>>MASTERS: It's immense.
And I'm sure that there's
several more of them.
>>NOORY: Bigger
than this studio?
>>MASTERS: Oh, many times.
Many times.
>>NOORY: All right.
All full of sacks of seeds.
>>MASTERS: Absolutely.
They have been collecting
best-of-class heritage variety
seeds--
>>NOORY: Tomatoes.
>>MASTERS: --from all over.
>>NOORY: Peppers.
Everything.
>>MASTERS: Anything imaginable.
>>NOORY: Cherry trees.
>>MASTERS: From all
of the continents,
from all four
corners of the earth.
>>NOORY: Peach trees.
>>MASTERS: Peach trees, yes.
Everything you could imagine.
And so they've got those plans.
The thing is, if people can
survive and get through this
in communities and just
say no, because they're
self-sufficient--
>>NOORY: Will life continue
while this is going on?
Will banks be open,
food stores are open,
water systems are working?
Or are we talking about a
calamity beyond anything
we can even wonder?
>>MASTERS: It's a calamity.
Things are going to go.
And right now, amongst
a lot of the researchers
I talk with, what we're worried
about is having 140 Fukushimas.
>>NOORY: So we're talking
about economic collapse.
>>MASTERS: Economic collapse.
We're talking
about-- I'm looking
at industrial accidents are
going to be-- going to be
a horrific cause of death.
I do what's called survival
relocation analysis for folks.
And there's places--
>>NOORY: OK.
That's your other hat, I guess.
>>MASTERS: That's one of my
other hats, yes, another one
on the rack.
And you know, when
I first started
doing these many years ago,
central Pennsylvania to me
was a wonderful place.
Well, now it's got fracking,
nuclear on one side,
nuclear on the other.
And so we have
entire areas which
would be optimal prime survival
land that these fracking wells,
these casings are designed
for a 30-year lifespan.
About 5% fail when
they're made, OK?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MASTERS: You throw--
imagine what happens
when the New Madrid goes off?
Every one of those
fracking wells, the casings
are going to rupture.
>>NOORY: Goodbye, St. Louis.
>>MASTERS: That's it.
And you're going to have
all of this toxic witch's
brew of chemicals.
It's browned earth, bad water.
>>NOORY: What would
you tell an 18-year-old
who's concerned about his
future knowing what you know?
What would you tell him today?
>>MASTERS: What I would say
is the most important thing
with planning and preparation
is that you're proactive.
You are doing
something constructive,
just not studying the problem.
And I see that
that's a real problem
I see with people out there.
I call it death by denial.
And if you're doing something
you-- yes, stockpiling,
you know, the beans,
bullets, and bunkers thing.
But more importantly,
this is not
going to be just this
little short two or three
months thing.
This is going to be 7
to 10 years, George.
And so to get through
something like
that you need to have emotional,
spiritual, intellectual
balance.
You need to be walking
humbly with your God.
And so if there's
anything you do
it's that you find a path of
love with like-minded others.
And that's what's going
to pull us through.
>>NOORY: That's what
it's going to come to.
Marshall, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>MASTERS: My pleasure.
>>NOORY: So if you thought
part one was scary, well,
you just heard part two.
Something is happening
in our solar system.
And it's happening right now.
I'm George Noory, and this is
"Beyond Belief." [THEME MUSIC]